Fixed buf_fill_pct and gop_size in h264_settings (#30063)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: .changelog/30063.txt

```release-note:bug

> resource/aws_medialive_channel: Fixed video_description and h264_settings for medialive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource/aws_medialive_channel: Fix type casting for `h264_settings` in `video_descriptions`
```
